[MUSIC]
>> Scott Moss: Any other
questions on that?
>> Off Camera 1: You can
alias those as well, right?
>> Scott Moss: Yes, so
you can also alias these.
So I'll show what that looks like.
There we go.
So if you wanted to alias these imports,
what you could do is, by the way,
this is the Babel.
Try it out, you can come in here and
just play with all types of ES2015 stuff.
So you can come in here and you can say.
Can you guys see that?
>> Off Camera 1: Mm-hm.
>> Scott Moss: Okay, so
you can come in here and say,
you can say, import, and
let's use our same example,
config, and
then you can say as setup from config.
And what that's gonna do is allow us
to have this variable called setup.
So if I were like, console.log setup,
all right, it'll be a real thing.
It's gonna error here, of course,
but that's what that will do.
So using the as keyword is like, load up
this named thing inside of this file,
but alias it as this guy
inside of this file.
That's what that means.
>> Off Camera 2: I wouldn't recommend,
that, though, because like you said,
the name consistency.
Like, why would you, I have seen that
before, but why would you ever do that?
>> Scott Moss: Good question.
So we're going to use this, and
the only way you would use this
is if you were loading up.
So you export it as a named thing,
but you're loading up in one file,
specifically, that was looking for
a different name.
And you'll see when we start making
the components where that comes into play,
cuz it's kinda hard to visualize that.
But you'll see, so
things like controllers and templates.
Like, it's great to have named
controllers, and in fact, we will, but
it'd be really cool if I could just call
it a controller inside of the file that
needs it, right?
So that's where you'll
see stuff like that.
So it also keeps things kind of the same,
but not really.
So it's like, you want strict, but then
you kinda backed out of it, all right?
>> Off Camera 1: [LAUGH]
>> Scott Moss: [LAUGH] You went for it,
but then you're like, no, no, no,
I'm not ready, I'm not ready, so.
>> Off Camera 7: I can think of two other
scenarios when you might wanna use it.
One where you have a similar module that
you wanna replace for one that's existing.
>> Scott Moss: That's true.
>> Off Camera 7: And rather than going
through and refactoring all your code to
use the new module, you just say,
as, and then that name.
>> Scott Moss: That's true.
>> Off Camera 7: And the other is,
if it's like a really long name and
you don't want to have to retype that,
incredibly long name.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, I remember really
bad, it was a really long name.
Yeah, I ain't digging that,
that's for sure.
So those are some really good reasons too.
Sweet, so like CommonJS, the path to the
modules is relative to the current file,
all right?
So, just remember that,
it's relative to the current file.
This is CommonJS specifics or webpack.
And jspm, if you're using jspm, it's not
gonna be relative to the current file,
it's gonna be relative to whatever
you told jspm was the base URL.
So that might be
the folder you're serving.
So it would be relative to that folder.
So remember, if you're using jspm,
it's a little different.
This is why we're not using it right now.
It's a little wonkier to work with.
So here's examples of working with many
imports and exports in the same module.
It's very, very, very super,
it's as you would think it is,
it's just like with CommonJS.
So in app.js, if we wanted to import
multiple modules, we can do this.
So we'll use the brackets, and
we'll say, module 1, comma, module 2,
comma, module 3, from this file.
And the way that will look on the
appropriate file is, you would define your
modules, and then you would just
export them at the bottom, just like
you imported them in the other file, with
the brackets around them, same syntax.
So the way I remember this is,
if I import it like this, it's going
to be exported the exact same way.
They look exactly the same.
Or what you can do is just place
export in front of, actually,
there should be a var in front of these.
So it would be like, export var module 1,
export var module 2, export var module 3.
So you can do that as well,
however you want to do it.
It's the same thing as
doing module.exports or
exports dot, just like in Node.
>> Scott Moss: Does everybody get that?
>> Scott Moss: Cool.
So, you might be thinking,
Angular already has a module system,
all right, angular.module.
How does that work with
the ES2015 module system?
Or does it work with it at all?
Has anybody ever tried to
use those two together?
Has anyone even, have you?
What's your experience with it?
>> Off Camera 3: Actually, it was great.
>> Scott Moss: It's great?
>> Off Camera 3: Yeah, it's good.
>> Scott Moss: That's good.
I've heard some stories of people who
were just like, I don't know what to do,
I don't get it.
And I've heard other people say,
this is great, this is fantastic.
And I think the problems revolve around,
like, what system takes control?
Where do I register my things?
How do I stay organized?
I don't know what's going on.
I'm writing this same code over and
over again.
Or, like, this just feels wrong, I'm doing
a lot of getters and not a lot of setters,
which is an anti-pattern in Angular.
So how do we get around that?
So there are a few approaches.
The one approach that I've
seen a lot of people do is,
you can have just one Angular module and
rely completely on ES2015 modules.
So you'll just make an Angular
module called App, and
then you'll just register everything on
that module, you'll just pass that module
around to all your ES2015 modules and
register everything on that.
Which is great.
This is fine, but I don't really like it,
because I do a lot of testing.
I'm crazy about testing.
And it limits like a lot of flexibility.
So when it comes to testing,
Angular, if you've ever tested it,
you know you have to load
the module up and mock it.
Now, if everything is tied to the module,
that means every time you write a test and
you do that before each,
and you load the module up,
you're loading the entire application
every single time you write a test.
That's not that fun.
Then you have to start figuring
out all these dependencies and
where they came from.
And now you can't even
get the tests to run,
cuz you're trying to track
down different dependencies.
So I don't really like that.
And it limits the flexibility.
Now I can't really take my
component out of my application and
stick it in somebody else's application,
right, cuz it's relying on this stuff.
There are some ways you
can get around that, but
still, the abstraction is just like,
is it really worth it?
The other approach is what
we're going to be doing is,
we're going to create a new Angular module
for every single component that we make.
So it's going to be very redundant, you're
gonna be writing the same thing over and
over and over again.
But for good use.
So now we'll be able to test
an individual module by itself,
completely isolated from
the entire application.
It's just like,
I just wanna test this module.
Because it doesn't care,
it doesn't know who its parent is.
It doesn't need to know,
it's just its own instance.
And it's going to be super flexible,
because now if you were
working with a team,
you can work on these separate modules
completely isolated from each other.
You can even have these modules
in different repos, right, and
then compose them later on,
because they're completely isolated.
Which I think is really, really great.
If you have many applications that share
the same functionality, you can create
these modules in different repos and
then import them somewhere else and
somewhere else,
which is really, really cool.
So I really like that.
But like I said,
it's a lot of boilerplate and
a lot of repeated code with this approach.
The way I think about it, the more you
write it, the more you understand it.
So you get to the point where, like,
it's a lot of repeated code, but I get it.
And then what we're gonna do tomorrow is,
I'm going to show you how to automate this
so you can just type in one command, and
it'll just spit it out for you anyway,
so you don't have to write it anymore,
cuz it's the same pattern.
Any questions on that?
>> Scott Moss: All right.
Okay, so there are other
patterns using import and export,
default modules,
named modules, and handle that.
But what we just talked about above is
what we're mostly going to be using.
So we also talked a little bit
about the assignment stuff.
This is really cool.
I'm sorry, the reassignment or
the aliasing.
You can also do things like,
just to touch on it, just so you know.
So for instance,
if I had this, I had export.
And then I was like
export thing as default,
but I also wanna export other thing.
>> Scott Moss: What I can do
now is up above, I can say,
I can call this whatever I want.
I can just call this whatever.
That's gonna be thing.
Then I can put a comma, and
then I can export other thing.
>> Scott Moss: The way this works is,
because I exported thing as default,
I can now call that whatever I want.
So that's what I call it up here,
or whatever.
And then put a comma after it.
And because this is in the brackets and
is not default,
I have to still write this in
a bracket and say other thing.
So you can do stuff like this.
So it gets kind of crazy.
Then you start using ES7,
you start be able to export imports.
So you can say, export from.
Yeah, it's really crazy.
You can start exporting your imports,
which is really cool if you
start organizing stuff.
But we're not gonna talk about that stuff.
So those are some more advanced patterns.
But the stuff we just talked about above
is mostly what we're gonna be using.
So things to remember when
dealing with this stuff is,
you can export an assignment expression.
Remember that.
I think a lot of people
forget that you can do that.
What I mean by an assignment
expression is this.
So if I say export a variable
name equals whatever,
I'm exporting this expression,
this assignment expression.
You can do that.
Just put the export word in front of it,
it's gonna export it with a strict name.
You can totally do that.
If you don't wanna do that, you could
just say at the bottom, just say that.
Same thing, right.
There are times where you
have you to do this one.
And there are times where you
don't have to do this one and
you can just get away with this,
and you'll see why.
Okay, another thing to remember is,
the brackets on the import and
exports are not object literals,
all right?
They're not key-value pairs.
Get used to seeing those brackets
used in ten different places,
they're just not obvious.
I wish there was more
characters on a keyboard,
I wish they would use something else, but
I don't know what else they could use.
It would be really cool if they
could just use something else.
>> Off Camera 6: They could
use Unicode characters.
>> Scott Moss: They could, but
then people would complain about
writing Unicode characters,
like, man, we've got to write an emoji
to use this, [LAUGH] this is crazy.
So people would complain about that.